feat: Children as argument to FlameGame (#1680)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/components.md

## Component

All components inherit from the abstract class `Component` and all components can have other
`Component`s as children. This is the base of what we call the Flame Component System, or FCS for
short.

Children can be added either with the `add(Component c)` method or directly in the constructor.

Example:

```dart
void main() {
  final component1 = Component(children: [Component(), Component()]);
  final component2 = Component();
  component2.add(Component());
  component2.addAll([Component(), Component()]);
}
```

> `Component` here could of course be any type of `Component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Component` here could of course be any sub class of `Component`.
```

> If you want to skip reading about the abstract `Component` class you can jump directly to the most
> common `Component` basis, the [`PositionComponent`](#positioncomponent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
If you want to skip the abstract `Component` class and go directly to the one that most games will use, see the [`PositionComponent`](#positioncomponent).
```

The sentence felt a bit "bloated" if that makes sense? Didnt get to the point quickly enough for me haha (yes i would skip directly to the position component)

Author: This isn't very clear either I think, since you most of the time don't use the `PositionComponent` directly in your game.
I'll write up another a suggestion after dinner. :)

Author: I removed the sentence completely, it doesn't really make sense to skip the lifecycle to jump directly to `PositionComponent` imho. And I made the component lifecycle into a section instead.
